# Human Answers (help) Learn (about) Privacy

HALP is a system that helps Computer Science students understand privacy policies.
This takes the form of two AI assistants:

### HALp

- `HALp` is grounded in the results of a survey that examined student trust and expectations round how Assignment Submission Systems collect and share their data.
- The results of this survey and the Privacy Policy being explored are used to contextualize the generation of questions in the Socratic tradition.
  - These questions are generated by OpenAI GPT and are further grounded in [Costa's Levels of Inquiry](https://avidopenaccess.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Costas-Levels-of-Inquiry.pdf)
- Students are they prompted to answer these questions, and can type in answers. These answers are further compared to the privacy policy, generating feedback that *hopefully* drives understanding and dialogue.

### Oracle

The `Oracle` functionality is more straightforward.

- Users directly ask `Oracle` questions about the Privacy Policy.
- `Oracle` poses these queries directly to OpenAI GPT, looking for an answer.


## Setup

To set up the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Install the required packages. In your terminal, navigate to the project directory and run the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Setup a file called `secrets.json`
   ```json
   {
     "API_KEY": "openaiapikey"
   }   
   ```

4. Once you have set up the project, you can run the Flask application with the following steps:
   1. Set the environment variable `FLASK_APP` to your application. 
   2. In the terminal, navigate to the project directory and run the following command:

    ```bash
    export FLASK_APP=main.py
    ```
  1. Now run `python main.py` or launch as a Flask application.

## Future Work

[] Would like to integrate with information flow analysis.
[] Evaluation Criteria?

